fix(docs): correct attribute name for aws_odb_db_servers data source (#45103) (#45107)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/d/odb_db_servers.html.markdown

* `cpu_core_count` - The number of CPU cores enabled on the database server.
* `created_at` - The date and time when the database server was created.
* `db_node_storage_size_in_gbs` - The amount of local node storage, in gigabytes (GB), that's allocated on the database server.

> * `db_servers[*].id` - The unique identifiers of the database servers.

Reviewer: Since this list of attributes documents what is contained in the `db_servers` attribute, I think this should just be `id`.

```suggestion
* `id` - The unique identifier of the database server.
```
